update setting-up-the-spf.md (#994)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/api-guides/setting-up-the-spf.md

createdAt: "2021-05-19T19:35:16.057Z"
updatedAt: "2021-05-28T18:40:04.171Z"
---
The [SPF (Sender Policy Framework)](http://www.open-spf.org/Introduction/) is a standard that specifies how to prevent unauthorized servers from sending emails on behalf of your domain. This framework implements rules that verify if the server has a particular policy set up by the domain’s admin.

## Editing the SPF

To understand SPF syntax, we recommend reading [SPF Record Syntax](http://www.open-spf.org/SPF_Record_Syntax/).

VTEX uses `include:amazonses.com`, Amazon's transactional email sending service, used in the default sender of Message Center.

Here is an example of an SPF on VTEX:

```spf
v=spf1 include:server.com include:amazonses.com ~all
```

All `include` mechanisms should be set up to add a new SPF. See the example below to understand how to add `include:amazonses.com` if there is already another `include` mechanism:

Before:

```spf
v=spf1 include:websitewelcome.com include:_spf.google.com ~all
```

After:

```spf
v=spf1 include:websitewelcome.com include:_spf.google.com include:amazonses.com ~all

> ```

Reviewer: Será que fica bom em uma tabela?

|Before|After|
|----|-----|
|`v=spf1 include:websitewelcome.com include:_spf.google.com ~all`|`v=spf1 include:websitewelcome.com include:_spf.google.com include:amazonses.com ~all`|

> >⚠️ Don't create duplicated entries or entries mixed with other values, to avoid possible validation errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>⚠️ Do not create duplicated entries or entries mixed with other values to avoid possible validation errors.
```
